---
layout: default
title: Our Story
---

# Our Story

It all started in Manhattan, as most good stories do. Lauren had just moved back from Italy and it her first weekend in the city in January 2011. Lauren’s old advertising friend and David’s co-worker from Unilever were roommates and held a monthly food-themed supper club. Lauren and David were both invited to the cucumber-themed January edition. Lauren brought dip, David brought cocktails.

The minute Lauren spied David she was smitten, but David kept his distance. The party was buzzing with rumors about Lauren’s “Italian boyfriend.” Lauren fought hard against the nasty rumors, but the damage was done. David offered Lauren a few of his gin and cuke creations, but kept his distance. For Lauren, David was gone, but far from forgotten.

Fast forward to Memorial Day weekend 2011. Lauren and best friend Betsy spent Sunday romping around Manhattan before heading to the Memorial Day edition of the supper club. Even though Lauren had an inclination that David would be at the party, she still didn’t leave time in her day to freshen up. David later called her look “natural.” David’s very generous.

Lauren and Betsy don’t remember a lot about the party. David brought the same cucumber cocktails, which Lauren and Betsy thought it best to “share.” What Lauren does remember is some killer flirting on her part. David remembers Lauren being flat out mean. She’s still very sorry.

The night ended like this:

> Lauren: “Bets, watch this, I’m going to say bye, I’m SURE he’s going to ask for my number.”<br>
> Betsy: “Go get ‘em tiger!”<br>
> Lauren: “Hey David, I think we’re gonna head home.”
> David: “OK, see ya.”

Lauren cried the entire cab ride home. Betsy fell asleep.

Unable to get David out of her head, Lauren decided to take matters into her own hands after she licked her wounds for a few days. She made up an ingenious tale about wanting David’s cucumber cocktail recipe and sent him a Facebook message. David responded with a reference book’s worth of information, "good luck," but no follow ups. How he didn't understand this clear green light was beyond Lauren.

Frustrated he didn’t take the bait, Lauren realized this was a do or die situation. So, she created a little fiblet. She told David she just couldn’t get the cocktail right, but that she would make herselp	f available for a private cocktail lesson. She clicked send and took a few deep breaths. 

David received the message and it finally dawned on him: this was Lauren flirting again! After mulling it over with his roommates, David wrote exactly the response Lauren was hoping for: “I could give you a private lesson, or we could learn from the experts at a speakeasy.” BAM.

An expert date-planner, David pulled off the perfect first date and they’ve been enjoying cocktails together ever since. Everyone is grateful Lauren doesn’t try flirting anymore.

Lauren and David live in Santa Monica, California, where they reside in a tiny apartment four blocks from the beach. Lauren works at a Venice Beach-based tech startup handling the company’s marketing, branding and PR. David works at a shopper marketing agency as a Senior Marketing Director. They spend weekends exploring LA in their black Prius called Batman, on the search for SoCal’s best tacos, sushi, hikes and coffee.
